There's always some common misconceptions about my field. I'll say you're
very funny. Misconception. Um, when I was on my first ship as a
lieutenant, we had a congressional delegation code. Come aboard the
ship and the code out use civilians. Staffers that work for congressman
were six congressmen and approximately 15 staffers. And two of the
staffers thought that as naval officers and sailors, we didn't pay
any taxes. Hey, that's it. Excuse me? Um, no. Uh, Garson. In fact,
let me show you. And I got disbursing. Officer brought him into the
conversation, brought out what's called a leave and earnings statement
in L E s and showed it. Looks to me like New York state tax in the
federal tax income tax that I have to pay. So that was that was rather
interesting. Uh, yes, we pay taxes well, as the next citizen in
our country. So that was That was a funny anecdote that always struck
me for some reason that that they think the military doesn't pay
things way. Do we try toe Have a life just like our citizens that were
protected